today we're here at UCLA the number one
public school in the United States let's
see what a day is like as a UCLA skewing
let's go so walking around UCLA I can
definitely see myself going to this
school because I honestly just love this
summer I love hot weather I can look so
nice what are your first impressions so
far it's hot it's a big campus but it's
really nice and I heard the food was
good hmm amazing like oh my graduating
class is like 80 people I thought coming
to such a big was kind of gonna
get lost in the system but then I'm
coming here I realize how welcoming it
is I just remember the weather and then
specifically like I saw this one girl
that like really caught my eye I was
like yo this is the place walking on
UCLA campus it looks a lot like the
Harvard campus because the architect
wanted kind of the harvest down to it
seems very big but it's also very
compact it's big and small at the same
time which is good I don't want to walk
what are you most impressed by ah I like
the palm trees it oh me too I know it's
a big difference from like the pine
trees UCLA really gives me like a beachy
feel because of all these palm trees the
classes were challenging coming from
high school I went from a semester and
to like right now I said quarter so um I
knew how it was gonna be I would say it
goes by super fast because of the
quarter system so sometimes it's hard to
actually retain knowledge more like
you're kind of just regurgitating stuff
you're just taking it in and spitting it
back out it's a lot more fast paced so
you have four quarters including the
summer but realistically it's just fall
winter spring and then the summer is
optional how long's according ten weeks
plus a finals week so 11 weeks
Wow
yeah it goes by superfast but the
positive about that is if you get a
class you don't like okay you're out of
there just as fast as you know the same
so yeah so you see a lot late they say
it's a school of beautiful people is
that true I mean hey how was a party
thing here it was crazy I remember
there's just one Halloween where the
whole Westwood area through like this
big block party and like helicopters and
Swala go yeah they have to come and shut
it down UCLA is rated number one food in
the country yes oh it definitely said
that's true so you see like switches it
up they have like special things for
like Thanksgiving Christmas different
holidays depending on like your religion
or your ethnicity and so it's very like
I feel like inclusive sounds like an
actual restaurant I'm over here
recruiting for you sale I gotta get a
you know something oh we made our way up
to the hill and it's really a hill
because it's on top of a mountain these
are all dormitories this is like a whole
college tab because there's dorms
everywhere and there's a common meeting
area in the middle yeah I lived in the
dorms
I love the dorm life just because it's
like you have the opportunity to just
come outside and like see people you
know I'm saying your age and they're
just hanging out doing stuff and then
you just get to meet random people that
you wouldn't necessarily talk to or like
in class or on the street it's all in
one area that's what I love that exactly
and then they throw events specifically
for the people in the dorm so yeah did
you see your dorm yeah I did how was it
it's pretty nice I have two triples
connected with a shared bathroom and
nobody's there yet so it's nice and
empty and clean so I appreciate that
haha we made our way into the common
area for UCLA dorms and walking through
these dorms I'm kind of jealous one
they're like really nicely
just look around this these are mansions
honestly and to like all the dorms are
together in one area so you can make a
lot of friends you know it's relaxing
how nice is this so look this is a dorm
area and all the way out there is UCLA
this is actually a pretty cool place
that's a UCLA medical center and this is
a part of the Medical Plaza too when I
arrived in LAX which is the airport they
were ad saying that UCLA has a number
one health program in all California
what your thing is true but it's
actually kind of funny how they
advertise it right at the airport in
your face
so you know you know you made the right
decision campus culture now you're like
people like friendly are they like open
are they like spontaneous or they chill
or like very hard-working what are they
like they're definitely hard-working
it's super competitive and so you find a
lot of people studying sometimes it's
hard to find like a solid place to study
well really I thought it was like more
chill well right now it's summer so like
it's super chill but I feel like once
school starts happening no it's gonna be
super packed
that's another thing I would say there's
so many different opportunities to get
involved to find out like stuff that you
want to do so whether it's clubs
intramural sports fraternities
sororities so I met a subscriber here
yesterday he told me about ice blocking
is that a thing here that is a thing
that is a thing right there by chance
Ted yeah yeah yeah so a couple times
walking to class I'll see people like
with big ice blocks and they're sitting
on it and they're all like sliding down
ready to go
oh another tradition is when it rains
nobody goes to class so make sure y'all
go to class and it rains what are some
other student traditions that you guys
have around the campus undie run is huge
okay puts you on game real quick every
quarter during finals week that
Wednesday everybody dresses up in their
underwear it's aliens really shape and
they take like a lap and then around the
campus and then you end up at the water
fountain over there by Jan steps and
then it kind of turns into this massive
party through the years because it's
become so big there's been so many
police like shutting it down right there
because that turns into a huge party
crazy amounts of people and so like yeah
the pleas have been cracking down but
it's like it's so everyone's in their
underwear everybody's in their underwear
some people are like naked it's it's
crazy Wow so you see all these sounds
popping and it's crazy
you have different like areas that you
can get into depending on what you likes
[Laughter]
is UCLA so far meeting your expectations
yeah I'd say so it's a beautiful campus
I like it and I like the sunny weather
so I enjoy it yeah yeah UCLA was
honestly a lot of fun I made like
friends that I feel like I'll be friends
with for like a very long time
UCLA vs. USC which is better I mean UCLA
is a hunt you know what is USC I don't
even know what are we talking about but
I'm gonna ask the USC people the same
question you are gonna waste your time
and because they're so clouded by like
the pollution from being downtown that
pink string you see we have clear to go
Bruins go Bruins the campus vibe is like
very chill I would say people are like
relax
it's a little bit slower people care
more about like student life rather than
all just studying like at MIT for
example if you want more of a balance
between your life and studying then UCLA
my